README.md, before:

## ↘️ About me
### Hello there 👋
I am a front-end software engineer with over 4 years of professional experience, currently working as a consultant at [Deloitte Digital](https://www.deloittedigital.com/it/en.html) designing and implementing front‑end architectures for leading luxury fashion brands, including [Dolce & Gabbana](https://www.dolcegabbana.com/it-it/) and [Brunello Cucinelli](https://shop.brunellocucinelli.com/it-it/).

I hold a bachelor's degree in computer science from the [University of Milan](https://www.unimi.it/it), where I was actively engaged as an elected student representative in the Computer Science department, providing support to peers and collaborating with faculty to improve academic programs. During my studies, I contributed to the European Horizon 2020 project [Smart Bear](https://cordis.europa.eu/project/id/857172/it), dedicating my thesis to the development of a remote monitoring system for managing FHIR data relating to patients.

---

#### Outside of work, I dedicate time to building community‑driven projects.

- I co-founded in 2020 the [Network StudentiUniMi](https://studentiunimi.it/), a groundbreaking university platform officially recognized by the University of Milan: this project serves over 25,000 students, offering organized, moderated chats, custom bots, and valuable resources to foster connectivity and collaboration within the academic community.

- I created [Syndrome Main Computer](https://github.com/Giuseppetm/syndrome-main-computer), a faithful recreation of Syndrome’s iconic mainframe from "The Incredibles", which has garnered millions of views worldwide.

If you enjoy my projects and have the financial possibility, you can [Buy Me a Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/giuseppetm). ☕✨

---

<h3>🌍 Connect with me</h3>
<p>
  <a href="https://giuseppedelcampo.netlify.app/">Portfolio</a> --/
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/giuseppe-del-campo/">LinkedIn</a> --/
  <a href="https://dribbble.com/Giuseppetm">Dribbble</a> --/
  <a href="mailto:giuseppe.delcampo@outlook.com">E-mail</a>
</p>

Commit message:

Update README with volunteering and opportunities sections

README.md, after:

## ↘️ About me
### Hello there 👋
I am a front-end software engineer with over 4 years of professional experience, currently working as a consultant at [Deloitte Digital](https://www.deloittedigital.com/it/en.html) designing and implementing front‑end architectures for leading luxury fashion brands, including [Dolce & Gabbana](https://www.dolcegabbana.com/it-it/) and [Brunello Cucinelli](https://shop.brunellocucinelli.com/it-it/).

I hold a bachelor's degree in computer science from the [University of Milan](https://www.unimi.it/it), where I was actively engaged as an elected student representative in the Computer Science department, providing support to peers and collaborating with faculty to improve academic programs. During my studies, I contributed to the European Horizon 2020 project [Smart Bear](https://cordis.europa.eu/project/id/857172/it), dedicating my thesis to the development of a remote monitoring system for managing FHIR data relating to patients.

---

#### 🗺 Outside of work, I dedicate time to building community‑driven projects.

- I co-founded in 2020 the [Network StudentiUniMi](https://studentiunimi.it/), a groundbreaking university platform officially recognized by the University of Milan: this project serves over 25,000 students, offering organized, moderated chats, custom bots, and valuable resources to foster connectivity and collaboration within the academic community.

- I created [Syndrome Main Computer](https://github.com/Giuseppetm/syndrome-main-computer), a faithful recreation of Syndrome’s iconic mainframe from "The Incredibles", which has garnered millions of views worldwide.

If you enjoy my projects and have the financial possibility, you can [Buy Me a Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/giuseppetm). ☕✨

---

#### 🤝 Volunteering
Over the years, I have collaborated with several organizations across environmental, social, and educational fields, including [PlasticFree](https://www.plasticfreeonlus.it/), [Fondazione IBVA](https://ibva.it/), [RECUP](https://associazionerecup.org/), and [Portofranco Milano](https://www.portofranco.org/). My contributions ranged from environmental cleanups and food recovery to bakery production for social programs and tutoring in computer science. 

#### 🌱 Open to New Opportunities in Abruzzo
Currently based in Abruzzo (Italy) and available for new volunteering opportunities in the region — especially in environmental initiatives, social support programs, education, and community‑driven projects.

---

<h3>🌍 Connect with me</h3>
<p>
  <a href="https://giuseppedelcampo.netlify.app/">Portfolio</a> --/
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/giuseppe-del-campo/">LinkedIn</a> --/
  <a href="https://dribbble.com/Giuseppetm">Dribbble</a> --/
  <a href="mailto:giuseppe.delcampo@outlook.com">E-mail</a>
</p>
